Create $0-migration-to-fleet.md (#33872)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/free-migration-from-jamf-to-fleet.md

> # $0 Migration to Fleet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Free migration from Jamf to Fleet
```

> Riding the wave of momentum generated by Apple with the release of macOS Tahoe 26.0 and its new feature for device management service migration, Fleet is releasing a **free** new service to help you migrate your device management configurations from Jamf to Fleet. With Fleet’s $0 migration service, our delivery team does the heavy lifting for you: exporting profiles, translating smart groups, replacing extension attributes, mapping policies, and redeploying apps. No guesswork, no year-long migration plans, and a zero-touch experience for your IT team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Apple's release of macOS 26.0, Fleet helps organizations migrate from Jamf to Fleet — for free*. Our delivery team handles the complex parts: exporting profiles, translating smart groups, replacing extension attributes, mapping policies, and redeploying apps, so your IT team doesn’t have to.
```

### Profile & policy replication

- Export .mobileconfig profiles from Jamf and re-apply them in Fleet.
- Translate smart groups into Fleet labels. 
- Replace extension attributes with Fleet queries, labels, or policies.
- Map Jamf policies to Fleet policies with automated remediation scripts or package installs.

### Software deployment, simplified

- Sync your Apple VPP apps directly into Fleet.
- Upload and scope custom macOS packages with labels.
- Preserve license continuity and ensure VPP token migration within Apple’s 30-day window.
- 

### Security & compliance first

- FileVault recovery keys are automatically escrowed to Fleet at migration.
- New Activation Lock and security controls are applied automatically during enrollment. 
- Continuous inventory and compliance monitoring.

## Why customers choose Fleet migration

> - $0 Cost – Fleet covers migration as part of onboarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's free! Fleet covers migration as part of the onboarding process.
```

- Reduced IT Burden – Fleet’s experts handle prep, mapping, and testing.
- GitOps by default – Everything version-controlled and repeatable.
- Risk-Free – Canary testing ensures safety and planning windows before fleet-wide rollout
- Future-Proof – Continuous updates from Apple’s ecosystem and Fleet’s open-source foundation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

*For qualified enterprise organizations with >500 devices. [Get in touch to submit a request](https://fleetdm.com/contact).
```

[The entire GitHub markdown cheat sheet...](https://www.google.com)

![alt text](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "Logo Title Text 1")

```
some
amazing
program
```

> <meta name="articleTitle" value="$0 Migration to Fleet">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<meta name="articleTitle" value="Free migration from Jamf to Fleet">
```

<meta name="authorFullName" value="Alex Mitchell">
<meta name="authorGitHubUsername" value="alexmitchelliii">
<meta name="category" value="articles">
<meta name="publishedOn" value="2025-10-06">

> <meta name="description" value="Migrate from Jamf to Fleet—free, fast, and zero-touch. Fleet’s $0 migration service follows Apple’s new macOS Tahoe 26.0 flow for a seamless switch.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<meta name="description" value="Migrate from Jamf to Fleet. It's free, fast, and zero-touch. Fleet’s free migration service follows Apple’s new macOS Tahoe 26.0 flow for a seamless switch.">
```
